# To do list

## General
- Play sound on function (Platform Rise / Lower, Jump / Press X for platfom level08
- Fade out when dying

## Level 04
- Play sound on Trigger then after 10s play sound 4D and after 7 seconds go to next level "NextLevelAfterChoice". This script is applied on all negative "goal" objects in "Why"

## Level 08
- Change exit platform to make Player 2 press "X" at least 20 times, after that you win level when Player 2 quits pressing
- Voice: Level8b is the opening text for trigger. I want Level8c to loop after Level8b has ended

## Level 09
- On button down 85% "right" door opens a little, 15% "wrong" door resets and closes
- Button down doesn't change color, it only pushes the little hexagon within the big hexagon, when the player steps away the hexagon goes back up
- Instead of opening the doors with rotation, the doors now open with moving the x position
- Remove old platform (I kept it there in case you need to see how I made the previous version.

## Level 10
- Create an infinite loop for when players choose one of the paths in front of them. When to go back on the platform behind them it brings them to the 'secret' space above Charlie.

## Fixed on 13-06-2016
- Added a scripts to play audio after an specific of time (or after a collision. Watch out that these don’t not overlap). Obsolete because of the PlayAudioRespawn script.
- Modified the Rise and LowerPlatform script to use their current position.
- Fixed and modified the SpeedDown script.

## Fixed on 15-06-2016 (24 hours total)
- Modified the DestroyColliderMove script to open the walkway instead of removing the collider. The player is still able to look around.
- Added a function to the RigidbodyController script to count the amount of times the player has been respawned.
- Created a script to play audio after a specific amount of time generated by the RespawnTimer script.
- Modified the DestroyObjectCollision script to temporary disable the collider instead of destroying it.

## For Nikki
v Replace the character controller (yes, again).
v Do not play the voice-over on awake but use a delay of a couple of seconds.
v Set the Respawn tag to all the dead zones.
- Remove unused scripts. (waarschijnlijk nog niet alles) 
	- Waar is het script voor P2 reset level? (X) (If P2 press X reset level)
	- Ik wil movement speed voor Level08 aanpassen
v Clean-up the controls.
	- De inputs zijn toch netjes? De extra Horizontal en Vertical zijn voor het testen met toetsenbord
- Create a control scheme, to allow me to put in the right controls.
	- 1 = Square 2 = Cross 3 = Circle 4 = Triangle
	- Intro: Start = Start Intro Animation
	- Level 2: Square(2) = Platfom1, X(2) = Platform 2
	- Level 3: X(2) = Platform1, O(3) = Platform 2, Triangle(4) = Platform 3
	- Level 5: X(2) = Reset Level
	- Level 7: X(2) = Jump
	- Level 8: X(2) = Tap to continue to next level 20x
	
"// Check if Charlie is down to earth or high like a mothafucka!" HAHAHAHA!

- Level04:
	- "//Play sound Level04d" werkt nog niet in "NextLevelAfterChoice"
	- "//Fade to Black like all levels werkt nog niet
		- Dit weet je waarschijnlijk al
- Level05:
	- Reset timelimit wanneer positie reset
	- Speel niet "Instruction x" wanneer level wordt gereset door de triggers (dus waarbij het lijkt waarop P2 het level reset)
- Level07:
	- Play sound after "Respawn" and "Time"
- Level10:
	- Speel audio 1x af bij collision, zodat wanneer je heen en weer loopt het geluid niet herhaald wordt (dit script had ik in voorgaande versie, heette geloof ik "playAudioOnce"
- Ik krijg deze error maar ik weet niet wat er mee wordt bedoeld, "Unable to parse YAML file: [could not find expected ':'] at line 2"
- Ik krijg errors van missing scripts, maar ze zijn niet missing...
- Ik vond deze error: "IndexOutOfRangeException: Array index is out of range. PlayAudioCollision.Start () (at Assets/Scripts/PlayAudioCollision.cs:18)"